GH-2638: Add Dynamic Micrometer Tags (#2648)
spring-projects/spring-kafka: spring-kafka-docs/src/main/asciidoc/kafka.adoc

You can add additional tags using the template's `micrometerTags` property.

> Starting with versions 2.9.8, 3.0.6, you can provide a function in `ContainerProperties` `micrometerTagsProvider`; the function receives the `ProducerRecord<?, ?>` and returns tags which can be based on that record, and merged with any static tags in `micrometerTags`.

Reviewer: Copy/paste artefact: there is no `ContainerProperties` for `KafkaTemplate` - just direct setter on that.

```suggestion
Starting with versions 2.9.8, 3.0.6, you can provide a `KafkaContainer.setMicrometerTagsProvider(Function<ProducerRecord<?, ?>, Map<String, String>>)` property; the function receives the `ProducerRecord<?, ?>` and returns tags which can be based on that record, and merged with any static tags in `micrometerTags`.
```

> Starting with versions 2.9.8, 3.0.6, you can provide a `KafkaContainer.setMicrometerTagsProvider(Function<ProducerRecord<?, ?>, Map<String, String>>)` property; the function receives the `ProducerRecord<?, ?>` and returns tags which can be based on that record, and merged with any static tags in `micrometerTags`.

Reviewer: Looks like my hands don't listen to me today. Have to be `KafkaTemplate` 😄 

```suggestion
Starting with versions 2.9.8, 3.0.6, you can provide a `KafkaTemplate.setMicrometerTagsProvider(Function<ProducerRecord<?, ?>, Map<String, String>>)` property; the function receives the `ProducerRecord<?, ?>` and returns tags which can be based on that record, and merged with any static tags in `micrometerTags`.
```
